Part of our problem was, like, a liberal racial
diversity analysis that was tokenistic and that
focused on representation, not on meaningful
leadership by people of colour. I don’t think
we understood deeply enough, like, how much
the raid was tied to white supremacy. That
even if white people are targeted as part
of a raid on a multi-racial space, that
that’s still the operation of white supremacy.
And, definitely, I didn’t know that. I mean,
I think I was often really confused. I think I was
very politically inexperienced. It was the first
time I had ever... It was my first organizing.
It was my first organizing and therefore my first
time in a multi-racial, feminist collective. And
I think, looking back, like, I already felt very
explicitly anti-racist. It wasn’t new to me,
but, looking back, there were so many ways that
I just absolutely was not seeing the way that
white supremacy was showing up in our work.